Individual reflection week 1


What do I want to learn or understand better?
I would like to learn the Scrum-process and practice working as a part of a team.  Practice my programming skills and be part of a project from start to finish.
Working individually on tasks that contribute to a project where multiple people have done different tasks.  


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I can help someone else, or the entire team to learn something new by sharing my own knowledge. Sharing my thoughts and trying out new ideas can help the whole team learn new things.
In the future when we have started working on the project I can ask for help when I run into obstacles since this might also help them to think about something new and learn to help other people. By being part of a team and cooperating closely, even though you might work on an individual task, can make everyone learn a bit of everything even though it’s not part of their area of responsibility.




What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
This week we have just started up the project and formed and met the group for the first time, so there has not been much use of Scrum yet. I have taken part in the lectures and exercises this week where we have gotten to learn about and practice the Scrum-process by for example working with sprints.
I want to have a good enough understanding of the scrum-process to make our work smooth and simple. To get there I will continue to participate in lectures and practices and study Scrum until I am comfortable and familiar with the process.




What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
The delivery this week has been creating a social contract, where I took part in a meeting where we all discussed what to include in the contract. I have also taken part in discussing and planning how and when we should work. 
I want to continue participating and putting in my hours to make the project better.
To take on future tasks and try my best to deliver them with a good result.